I will explain how to sort mail into folders with Aquosphone
Set the sorting condition to the created folder and set when sending and receiving the corresponding mail
Can send mail to different folders
Tap the email at the bottom of the screen
Tap the folder list
Touch and hold the folder you want to set distribution conditions
A pop-up menu will be displayed, so tap the sort registration
Tap Add Condition
Select the condition you want to set
Here we explain how to quote from the theme length
Tap OK after setting the conditions
If you want to add other conditions , please select Add Condition
If there is no problem , tap Finish
Configuration is complete